So, now you've made it to the end of the
lesson and you know what we usually do?
We'll take a look back or
have a little summary of what
you've learned in this lesson.
So, first we talked
about the SipProfile and
how it uses the SipProfile.Builder
to create your profile so you can
have some kind of account
that ties in the phone calls.
And then we talked about the SipManager
which will create the SipAudioCalls or
it will create a SipSession
to have your phone calls.
Now, remember hopefully
you've actually gone and
looked at the Android documentation.
This'll be very important for, say,
if you wanna create more robust programs,
or you wanna be a programmer, or
you're some kind of computer scientist,
software engineer, etc., etc.
This will be helpful because you'll now
be able to look up documentation and
then figure out what kind of class or
what kind of object you wanna use.
Or maybe you were trying to
write some kind of code and
then it gives you some errors.
You're all like, man,
I don't know why that's happened.
What the heck?
What's going on?
So, you just need to go to documentation,
it'll tell you right there.
Maybe you put a character in where
it should have been an integer.
Something like that.
And so with that kind of lesson
hopefully you'll be a better programmer.
And then we'll see you next time
where we will actually build and
then run the app on the Dragonboard 410c.